Adjusting User guide structure (#42)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/tutorials/explore_components.md

to have greater control and customization over the displayed data and components.

??? info "Further information for `controls`"
    The user guides for [Filters](../user_guides/filters.md) and [Parameters](../user_guides/parameters.md) provide a comprehensive overview on how to apply

>     [`Filters`][vizro.models.Filter] and [`Parameters`][vizro.models.Parameter].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [`Filters`][vizro.models.Filter] and [`Parameters`][vizro.models.Parameter]. For further customization, refere to the [user guide for selectors] (../user_guides/selectors.md).
```

For future dashboard creations, you can explore more about the available dashboard `components` by going through the
[user guide](../user_guides/components.md). To gain more in-depth knowledge about the usage and configuration

> details of `controls`, check out the user guides dedicated to [Filters](../user_guides/filters.md) or [Parameters](../user_guides/parameters.md). This guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
details of `controls`, check out the user guides dedicated to [Filters](../user_guides/filters.md), [Parameters](../user_guides/parameters.md) and [Selectors](../user_guides/selectors.md) . This guide
```

For future dashboard creations, you can explore more about the available dashboard `components` by going through the
[user guide](../user_guides/components.md). To gain more in-depth knowledge about the usage and configuration
details of `controls`, check out the user guides dedicated to [Filters](../user_guides/filters.md), [Parameters](../user_guides/parameters.md)
and [Selectors](../user_guides/selectors.md). This guide will provide you with valuable insights on utilizing and
customizing controls for interactive functionality in your

> dashboards.

Reviewer: Really small comment: do we need to have a line break here?
